chore: remove JS FAQ page (#1052)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs-js/overview.mdx

<!-- vale on -->

### The Core Libraries
The core libraries are the heart of the SAP Cloud SDK for JavaScript.
They contain the request execution and connectivity logic as well as command line interfaces (CLIs) to generate OData and OpenAPI clients.
The image below shows the relationship between the individual core libraries.

> 

Author: Because licensing is now its own section (which contains more information), therefore it would be a duplicate, or do you think it should be in this section as well?

It provides the basic types needed to reflect the concept of a [destination](features/connectivity/destination) throughout the SAP Cloud SDK for JavaScript.

#### `@sap-cloud-sdk/http-client`
The HTTP client library is a thin HTTP client, that allows you to execute requests by leveraging the concept of destinations.
You can flexibly configure a request to your needs and send arbitrary HTTP requests to the given destination.

#### `@sap-cloud-sdk/odata-v2`, `@sap-cloud-sdk/odata-v4`, and `@sap-cloud-sdk/openapi`
The OData v2, v4, and OpenAPI libraries build the foundation for API clients.
They contain OData and OpenAPI-specific abstractions, that the client libraries use to expose their APIs.

#### `@sap-cloud-sdk/generator` and `@sap-cloud-sdk/openapi-generator`
The OData and OpenAPI generators are CLIs that generate client libraries based on the services' specifications (either EDMX format or OpenAPI/Swagger).
You can use them to generate typed API clients.

### Supported Node Versions
We always support the [latest _Active LTS_ version of Node](https://nodejs.org/en/about/releases/).

> You can check our [automated tests](https://github.com/SAP/cloud-sdk-js/actions/workflows/build.yml?query=branch%3Amain) to see a list of all currently supported and tested versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check the [automated tests](https://github.com/SAP/cloud-sdk-js/actions/workflows/build.yml?query=branch%3Amain) to see a list of all supported and tested versions.
```

[req] Avoid 'current' (it's implied)

### Supported OData and OpenAPI Versions
The SAP Cloud SDK supports OData v2 and v4, as well as OpenAPI 2.0 and 3.0.

### Licensing

> All core libraries are available as open-source npm packages in the @sap-cloud-sdk scope on npm under the Apache 2.0 license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All core libraries are available as open-source npm packages in the `@sap-cloud-sdk` scope on npm under the Apache 2.0 license.
```

You can find the source code on GitHub.
The license of clients generated with the SAP Cloud SDK depends on the used service spec license.

> ## Contributing

Reviewer: [pp] I would put this at the end after all main info sections

Author: Agreed, I would still put it above the feature matrix though, because I doubt anyone scrolls past the giant table

We are happy to review and incorporate contributions.
For details on contributing, check our [contribution guide](https://github.com/SAP/cloud-sdk/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Release Schedule
We usually release [bi-weekly](https://github.com/SAP/cloud-sdk-js/releases).

We intend to release a new major version of the SAP Cloud SDK for JavaScript every six to twelve months.

> For details check our [release policy](release-policy.mdx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details, check the [release policy](release-policy.mdx).
```

| ---------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Supports JavaScript.                                                   | Supports JavaScript and TypeScript.                                                                                                                                            |
| Operates dynamically on the metadata and creates an on-the-fly-client. | Typed API clients can be [generated](features/odata/generate-odata-client.mdx). An [generic, untyped client](features/connectivity/generic-http-client.mdx) is also available. |
| Connectivity needs to be handled manually.                             | The SAP Cloud SDK handles [connectivity](features/connectivity/destination.mdx) on the SAP BTP for typed and untyped API clients.                                              |

<div data-nosnippet>

> ## Feature Matrix

Reviewer: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/88374536/194841118-676db36c-54b8-4c09-8f85-061bc65bd775.png)

The Feature Matrix heading shows up like this

Author: Indeed, the live version has the same issue, I'll see how I can fix it
